Hey I just want to take a quick moment to clarify a few things about the lemonade stand example.
We get quite a few questions about it.
So here's why we are using the lemonade stand example one.
You guys all have a different financial model in mind different startup that you want to start.
Some of you might want to do a mobile app or a webapp or some biotech company or a co-working space
whatever that may be.
You have a very different startup ideas very different business models.
Now we don't want to dive into just one specific domain that's going to be relevant for everyone else.
The lemonade stand example although it is so simple and it doesn't really apply to any of you directly
the concept we want to illustrate is that very simple tweaks to a very simple business model can lead
to some fairly complex modeling needs.
So if you don't have the patience to learn a simple concept from a simple business model you're not
going to have the patience to build the financial model that you need for you're much more complicated
startup.
So give the next few lectures a chance and see how these simple little tweaks can lead to a pretty sophisticated
financial model even for something like a lemonade stand.
Now by the end of this course you're going to get all the tools that you need to be able to build your
much more complex financial model for your startup.
But you've got to start with the building blocks and that's what this lemonade stand example is for.